SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW ENGLISH...NOVEMBER 2021

1. Which of the following words describe "sky blue"?
(a) Navy
(b) Beryl
(c) Azure

ANSWER is (c) Azure

2. What does "faustian" mean?
(a) Sacrificing spiritual values for power, knowledge or material gain
(b) Pompous or bombastic, as language
(c) Old fashioned: fogyish

ANSWER is (a) Sacrificing spiritual values for power, knowledge or material gain

3. What does "columbarium" mean?
(a) A sepulchral vault or other structure with recesses in the walls to receive the ashes of the dead
(b) A plant characterized by divided leaves and showy flowers
(c) A black crystalline mineral, the principal ore of niobium

ANSWER is (a) A sepulchral vault or other structure with recesses in the walls to receive the ashes of the dead

4. "Peacock blue" is...
(a) A lustrous greenish blue
(b) A light greyish blue
(c) A vivid, whitish blue

ANSWER is (a) A lustrous greenish blue

5. What does "revenant" mean?
(a) Member of clergy
(b) Regret for any past action
(c) A person who returns as a spirit after death: ghost

ANSWER is (c) A person who returns as a spirit after death: ghost

6. What does "busk" mean?
(a) To entertain by dancing, singing, reciting, juggling, etc...
(b) To place under arrest
(c) To direct the finger, the attention, etc at or upon something.

ANSWER is (a) To entertain by dancing, singing, reciting, juggling, etc...

7. Which of the following is NOT a shade of blue?
(a) Beryl
(b) Amethyst
(c) Cornflower

ANSWER is (b) Amethyst

8. What does "ravenous" mean?
(a) Twisting, winding, or crooked
(b) Given to talking about oneself: boastfully
(c) Extremely hungry; famished voracious

ANSWER (c) Extremely hungry; famished voracious

9. What does "maringollin" mean?
(a) A mosquito, especially a large swamp mosquito
(b) Any of various small snakes having bright diamond pattern scales
(c) A mammal having a covering of broad overlapping horny scales and feeding on ants and termites.

ANSWER is (a) A mosquito, especially a large swamp mosquito

10. What color is "teal"?
(a) Greyish blue
(b) A medium to dark greenish shade of blue
(c) Vivid, light blue

ANSWER is (b) A medium to dark greenish shade of blue

11. What does "sanguivorous" mean?
(a) Feeding on blood, as a bat or insect
(b) Vibratory, shaking, or quivering
(c) Reddish; ruddy

ANSWER is (a) Feeding on blood, as a bat or insect

12. What does "bellwether" mean?
(a) A person who is employed, especially by a hotel to carry guests' luggage, run errands, etc.
(b) A meteorologist of forecaster
(c) A person or thing that shows the existence or direction of a trend.

ANSWER is (c) A person or thing that shows the existence or direction of a trend.

13. Which is the correct spelling for the word meaning "a friendly relationship"?
(a) Rappore
(b) Rapporteur
(c) Wrappeur
(d) Rapport

ANSWER is (d) Rapport

14. Which is the correct spelling?
(a) Miscelaneous
(b) Misellaneous
(c) Miscellaneous
(d) Misselaneous

ANSWER is (c) miscellaneous

15. Which is the correct spelling?
(a) Definnitely
(b) Definitely
(c) Definnately
(d) Definately

ANSWER is (b) Definitely
